hi I'm Maureen and today I'll be doing
some maintenance on the Vespa LX 150 as
you can see the trend on the lower tire
has gotten too low so we need to change
the tire I'm going to change the stock
Pirelli tire with the Continentals if
you want to begin we have to take off
the exhaust to get access to the tire
the exhaust is held on by two balls in
the back two bolts on the flange the
easiest way to get to the two bolts in
the front is to take off this cover I
recommend always using a magnetic tray
so you don't lose the screws and bolts
as you can see once you take the cover
off you can access the two bolts in the
front here and here now I can see the
nuts I'm going to use the six millimeter
allen socket to loosen the bolts
I don't want to remove them at this time
just loosen them I'm going to use a 10
millimeter socket to loosen the two nuts
on the exhaust flange again I'm going to
loosen but not remove the nut now that I
have both nuts loosened I'm going to
remove the left nut first then the right
nut I'm going to remove the bottom and
the top bolt
once you have all the bolts or ribs you
can now remove the muffler now that the
exhaust is off we can now see that you
can easily reach the absalom it might be
helpful to hold the rear brake by using
some velcro while doing this project I'm
going to use my needlenose pliers to
straighten the cotter pin
the easiest way to get to take out the
cotter pin is to insert the needle nose
pliers in the loop end and tap it gently
with the hammer once you have removed
the cotter pin you can then remove the
nut I'm going to use my 24 millimeter
socket to loosen the axle nut
once we rip the axle nut make sure to
remove the washer before removing the
tire I'm using a magnetic tool to get
the tire off you have to shake it back
and forth shake it multiple times and it
will come off make sure you don't hit it
with a hammer